Description of the script usage (#1)
uibakery/onpremise: README.md

# UI-Bakery on-prem installation

This document describes how to deploy ui-bakery on-prem via `install_all.sh` script.

> :warning: The script installs docker and doker-compose, which may upgrade some dependencies under the hood. Please, be advised that if you are running this script on the OS used as a severs for other applications, those applications may break due that potential dependencies upgrade.

Reviewer: The script installs docker and docker-compose, which may upgrade some dependencies under the hood. Please be advised that if you run this script on the OS used as a server for other applications, those applications may break due to that potential dependencies upgrade.

## Requirements

- OS Linux (Ubuntu) 18.04 and above.
- Must have full rights to use "sudo".

## Installation steps

1. Run this command preferably from `/home` Linux directory to download, install and launch "ui-bakery":
   ```
   curl -k -L -o install_all.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uibakery/onpremise/main/install_all.sh && bash ./install_all.sh
   ```

> 1. In the process, upon request, enter the previously received license code, hosting URL and port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the process, upon request, enter the previously received license code, hosting URL and port.
```

Author: Says this suggestion is invalid because no changes were made to the code

> 1. Once the installation is completed, open the browser using URL and provided earlier. By default it is [http://localhost:3030/](http://localhost:3030/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the installation is completed, open the browser using the URL provided earlier. By default it is [http://localhost:3030/](http://localhost:3030/).
```

Author: Resolved
